Modular templates docs update (#1931)
jpmorganchase/modular: docs/concepts/templates.md

explicitly to `modular add`, either interactively or via the `--template`
option.

# Examples

```bash
# adds a new package with the name "@app/package-name"
# and type "esm-view" using a template provided by the modular team
# this is the same as selecting type: esm-view
modular add @app/package-name \

>     --template modular-template-esm-view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --template esm-view
```

```

```bash
# adds a new package with the name "my-custom"

> # uses a custom template published to npm by the community

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# uses a the npm package "modular-template-custom-template" published by the community
```
